function comments guidelines:

/**
 * @brief Brief description of the function.
 *
 * Detailed description of the function's purpose, behavior, and any other relevant details.
 *
 * @param param1 Description of the first parameter.
 * @param param2 Description of the second parameter.
 * @return Description of the return value (if any).
 */

---------------------------------


Raycasting Process:
Raycasting is a technique used in computer graphics to render a 3D scene from a 2D perspective, typically in real-time applications like video games.
Here's an overview of how raycasting works:

Initialization: Raycasting starts with a virtual camera positioned within the 3D scene. This camera has a field of view (FOV) and a viewing plane.

Casting Rays: For each column of pixels on the viewing plane, a ray is cast from the camera's position through the corresponding pixel.

Intersection Testing: The cast ray is tested for intersections with objects in the scene. This is typically done using algorithms like DDA or more sophisticated techniques like ray-object intersection tests for complex geometries.

Depth Calculation: The distance from the camera to the first object hit by the ray is calculated. This distance determines how tall or short the object appears on the screen.

Drawing: Based on the depth and the properties of the intersected object (e.g., texture, color), the corresponding pixel on the screen is colored.

Projection: This process is repeated for each column of pixels on the viewing plane, resulting in a 2D representation of the 3D scene.

Optimizations: Various optimizations can be applied to improve performance, such as using bounding volumes to quickly discard rays that won't intersect with objects, or implementing techniques like shadow mapping and ambient occlusion for more realistic rendering.

In summary, the DDA algorithm is used for line rasterization, while raycasting is a technique for rendering 3D scenes from a 2D perspective, typically used in real-time graphics applications like video games.



DIGITAL DIFFERENTIAL ANALYZER (DDA) ALGORITHM:
The Digital Differential Analyzer (DDA) algorithm is a method used for line rasterization, which is the process of converting vector-based graphics (lines, curves, etc.) into a raster or pixel-based representation for display on a screen. 
Here's how it works:

Initialization: The DDA algorithm starts with two points representing the endpoints of the line segment.

Calculating Slope: It calculates the slope of the line using the difference in x and y coordinates between the two points.

Determining Increment: Based on the slope, it determines which coordinate (x or y) increments by 1 unit for each step along the line.

Iterative Process: The algorithm then iterates along the line from one endpoint to the other, incrementing the appropriate coordinate by 1 unit in each step and determining the corresponding pixel to be colored.

Rasterization: At each step, the algorithm determines which pixel to color by rounding the coordinates to the nearest integer.

Rendering: After rasterization, the line is drawn pixel by pixel, producing a smooth appearance.



--------

HANDLE IMAGE OF 2 DIMENSION ARRAY IN A A FLATTENED 1 DIMENSION ARRAY


Theory:
When working with images, especially in computer graphics and image processing, it's common to represent them as 2-dimensional grids, where each cell in the grid corresponds to a pixel. Each pixel typically contains information about its color or intensity.

However, in computer memory, data is stored linearly, meaning it's arranged in a continuous sequence of memory locations. A 2-dimensional grid doesn't naturally map onto this linear structure.

To store a 2-dimensional grid in a 1-dimensional array, we need to flatten it. This means we linearize the grid, converting rows and columns into a single sequence of elements.

One common technique to achieve this flattening is using ROW-MAJOR ORDER.

In row-major order, the elements of each row are stored consecutively in memory, and then the rows themselves are placed one after the other. This allows us to index into the 1-dimensional array using a formula that combines row and column indices.

For a 2-dimensional grid with dimensions rows × columns, the formula to map the (row, column) coordinates to a linear index in the 1-dimensional array is often:


> linear_index = row * columns + column


This approach is efficient and allows us to work with images in a manner that is compatible with the linear nature of computer memory.
Flattening a 2-dimensional representation into a 1-dimensional array using indexing logic is a common technique in practice for efficiently storing and manipulating images in memory.

Example:
let's say we have an image represented as a 2-dimensional grid of pixels, where each pixel has a color value. To store this image in memory, we flatten it into a 1-dimensional array. We use the formula buffer[y * width + x] to access the pixel at position (x, y) in the 2-dimensional grid.

Here, y represents the row index, x represents the column index, and width represents the number of columns (or the width) of the image. By multiplying y by width, we calculate the offset to the beginning of the row. Adding x to this offset gives us the position of the desired pixel in the flattened array.



